Yo
Isn't this Qin Feiyang, the just-admitted concubine?
He also came to ask for flowers and willows
Meet friends with teachers
I heard he was in the princess' recruitment
Shine at the conference
Maybe I can really get Miss Liu's favor tonight
Why is Qin Gongzi here?
This kid just joined his parents
It can also come from the land of fireworks
Qin Gongzi is so interested
Certainly!
Yo, I met the great genius Tao Gongzi again
What a coincidence!
Qin Feiyang
This is not your place to put on airs
I advise you.
If you lose it, get out
Your abrupt family
Mr. Tao's memory is really bad
Recruitment too meeting
How did you lose so quickly and forget?
The first question is about the little girl
Please quit the next sentence
Red dust into a dream into a recollection